The
jiles
Bear
Jesus Christ.
May if you're looking for the Arabic option, go back to screen.
If you got a problem, what are you doing?
It's a cash point.
If you got a problem.
I know it's a cash point.
So what exactly is your problem?
It's not a fruit machine.
Is it apple?
If you card in, then take your cash out.
What did you call me?
Two, arm and whatever.
Oh, scary.
You are, sis.
You're going to chop me yet off.
Are you done?
Bye-bye.
You know I'd like to introduce you to our CEO and founder, Samir Aziz.
OK, sure.
Just a quick hello to make you an official offer.
Sure.
You should fit in well here.
Thanks.
He's a lot.
Give me two minutes.
I'll just see where he is.
Really good to have met you, Alistair.
Good luck.
Thanks.
He's not the finished article.
He's honest.
I'm keen to learn.
Yeah, I went off from the job.
OK.
What's going on?
Hi, Alistair.
I'm Samir.
Oh, good to meet you, Al.
Sorry, do we know each other?
Are you done, you know?
You seem so familiar.
Are you sure you don't know me?
I don't think so.
Oh, my God.
You're that guy.
Sorry?
That guy from the cash point.
I'm really sorry, I'm...
What the hell, Bremendia?
Sorry.
Mr. Aziz.
Do I know you?
Yeah.
You and if you'd been for a job I never got.
I don't think so.
You're as a guy.
Yeah, you did.
You had an office with, um,
so it green curtains, reindeer heads.
Yeah, that's right.
But it's been really difficult for us to be honest with you.
I'm waiting for a room and I sat at the a couple of weeks.
Just need to have time to go back to my feet.
I'm not going to give you that job.
I'm really sorry.
I don't remember.
Don't worry, my hands fine.
Look, let me find a cash point.
You haven't checked him ever yet.
He's all so good at this, though.
He still needs a sheet of food, but my head's leaking,
I've got food for you today.
I'm always excited as I can sleep.
You'll get there at the Laaundieu.
I'm getting serious to waste.
I love you.
What?
I should tell you about the breakup of the week.
You sure, man?
Really?
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Make today the first day everything wasn't the place where we were.
Well, I need so much.
Good luck.
We're coffee, son.
Thank you, Mr. Az.
I love you.
Bye.
He's over.
He can process all the information.
He sees his, can think like you and me.
But he just finds it difficult to express himself.
But we're working on that.
I'll be with him.
Yes, that's good.
This is Alistair.
Alistair is a volunteer. He's here to help the residents.
You want a couple of minutes.
Yes, sure.
I'll leave you two together.
Alistair is lovely.
Any problems, just bars?
Sure.
Sammy?
My name's Alistair and I'm going to look after you.
Don't you worry about I think tomorrow morning.
We can go for a nice stroll in the garden.
Would you like that?
I'll take that as a yes.
Do I know you?
I know you.